alright this is CM c c m7 on my droid x2
this is the beta version so we're just
going to go through and i check it out
see what what different features we have
in here this has gotta ADW launcher is
the default in this build so you can see
it it's really smooth it works really
really well here we get some settings i
put out here and show you so this is an
android version 2.3 points7 so we're
still on gingerbread colonel right down
here you have a crown gen mod seven
point two point O rc1 it's an unofficial
builds not supported by scrounge and mod
right now but does run very very well so
you can see those things let me also
show you guys chronomat settings this is
full of settings man you got performance
or you can do CPU stuff a lot of things
in there that's really cool your lock
screen is totally how you want your lock
screen is very different when you say um
plays you can make them make them your
own you know it's really neat background
wallpapers colors everything's really
cool you got display stuff screen
rotations you got these inputs here for
long press features for different for
your different hard Keys interface
tweaks you can change your battery icons
your tight your clock icons on your
notification bar your LED notifications
the colors very customizable very nice
tweaks and things you can do in here for
sound this got a lot of features on
their crowded mod settings right there
adw.launcher it's got all its settings
you can theme it which is cool i have
mine as ice cream sandwich right now
theme to stock theme to whatever you
want to get off of the android market
so that's pretty sweet see my drop-down
pulldown toggles flashlight bluetooth
Wi-Fi vibrate and GPS they're really
nice if you want to go like wife Isis
cool you can just hold this down and it
will bring up Wi-Fi real nice little
features I think they're really cool so
those are awesome to get clock bring up
clock go down alarm clock music or home
they're nice little little features here
is your dialer you can go to dialer
there see the dialer pretty nice um so
yeah that's your kind of overview of it
so so it's very very smooth very fast
works works really well see here we got
a camera works good on it necker like
see anything cuz it's sitting down but
anyway camera works real well so those
are some nice features autorotation
there's got in there there you go so i
guess a very nice setup here thanks to a
dragon killer for for building this for
us it's very very smooth so thanks a lot
guys